README.md, before:

[![GH Actions Status](https://github.com/openmm/openmm/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/openmm/openmm/actions?query=branch%3Amaster+workflow%3ACI)
[![Conda](https://img.shields.io/conda/v/conda-forge/openmm.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/openmm)
[![Anaconda Cloud Badge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/openmm/badges/downloads.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/openmm)

## OpenMM: A High Performance Molecular Dynamics Library

Introduction
------------

[OpenMM](http://openmm.org) is a toolkit for molecular simulation. It can be used either as a stand-alone application for running simulations, or as a library you call from your own code. It
provides a combination of extreme flexibility (through custom forces and integrators), openness, and high performance (especially on recent GPUs) that make it truly unique among simulation codes.  

Getting Help
------------

Need Help? Check out the [documentation](http://docs.openmm.org/) and [discussion forums](https://simtk.org/forums/viewforum.php?f=161).

Commit message:

kernel fission
	modified:   README.md
	modified:   examples/simulatePdb.py
	modified:   platforms/cuda/src/kernels/nonbonded.cu

README.md, after:

This is a copy of [openmm](https://github.com/openmm/openmm) with modification branches.

- *kernel_fission*: performed kernel fission on non-bonded compute kernel.



------------

[![GH Actions Status](https://github.com/openmm/openmm/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/openmm/openmm/actions?query=branch%3Amaster+workflow%3ACI)
[![Conda](https://img.shields.io/conda/v/conda-forge/openmm.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/openmm)
[![Anaconda Cloud Badge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/openmm/badges/downloads.svg)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/openmm)

## OpenMM: A High Performance Molecular Dynamics Library

Introduction
------------

[OpenMM](http://openmm.org) is a toolkit for molecular simulation. It can be used either as a stand-alone application for running simulations, or as a library you call from your own code. It
provides a combination of extreme flexibility (through custom forces and integrators), openness, and high performance (especially on recent GPUs) that make it truly unique among simulation codes.  

Getting Help
------------

Need Help? Check out the [documentation](http://docs.openmm.org/) and [discussion forums](https://simtk.org/forums/viewforum.php?f=161).
